# I hate you..... I think so

_people_ they are pathetic in my opinion. They can't stop and are always deparate with desire. 

"I bet you did something to make the history teacher give you that good you whore!" a girl in the class said as she I staring at her exam result. 

Its so pathetic they are always filled with sexual desires **_sigh_**. Not being religeous but they  are just desparate for their sexual desires. **_pulls out a diary with sticky notes flowing from the corners as he starts to note his thoughts_** . I know this is the reason I dont have friends but I dont think I need one I have you… **_The door to the classroom opens as everyone goes back to their seats still laughing as if thats the max they can do just as pathetic as their sexual desiers._** “You know you people should atleast pretend II am here even if you idiots are faliures.” I respect our class teacher for this atleast he accepts the fact that this class is just idiots and horny teenagers **_Derek keeps back his diary in his bag and  brings out his class note book almost identical to the situation his diary was in…._** “knock knock!” **_the voice comes from outside the classroom as someone with a girly voice is knocking the door that is locked as usual because of the stupid class rules._**
“another late student as usual **_there is a pause before he says in a loud and strict voice_** why not consider coming to the class early next time and maybe you won’t find the door closed!” He was right but that’s just usual teacher shit everyone gives just so boring. **_The window to the class suddenly thuds as it is opened by the student outside as Derek moves his head to see who is the asshole who he is going to add to his long hating list_** “Sorryyyy but I don’t care about the stupid taunts maybe next time be more polite alright?” She seems annoying but I have to agree she does have guts to enter the class like this on first day but I dont think she is a girl… She is wearing a full pant and a full sleeved school uniform, so another horny guy getting added to the class as usual and another person I will bitch about to you for the entire year. **_The teacher of the class is boiling with anger how I know you ask? because HE JUST THREW HIS FUCKING MOBILE PHONE AT HER!! She for some god like reflexes just walks away from it as the mobile goes out of the window and shatters at the hallway_** “Oh come on you can be more polite than that!! **_She says as she pouts_** Oh my I didn’t introduce my self so hey everyone I am- “  **_A guy at the back of the class room shouts_** “Someone who no one cares about!” Not gonna  judge him for that to be honest he is right no one really cares deep inside, everyone just pretends like they listen that they love you but the truth is exactly like he said ‘No one cares who you are’. there is a wave of laughter as everyone is laughing at the new guy who just joined our class in a pretty unique way. “Awww thank you for sharing the first words your dad thought when your mom asked ‘Who will he become when he grows up’ and looks like you cared enough to respond to me!“ **_Silence.. there is only silence after that the new guy is the only one who has a smile on his face_** That wasnt a good comeback in my opinion but yeah it was good enough to silence these horny humans in the class. “Anywayssss just like I was saying I am Sarena thank you everyone for the warm welcome! **_she says as she claps both her hands together tilting her to the right with a smile_** and continuing I am your new classmate and I have taken a transfer here recently because people were pathetic where I used to be but here I realise they are even more pathetic” **_Derek turns his head towards Serena as she completes_** maybe she won’t be in my hate list I think after what she just said  _People are pathetic_ that’s the most attractive thing I have got to know yet about anyones personality..
